`AddIsCongruentForMorphisms` for the groups example in the manual (#1471)
homalg-project/CAP_project: Manual/Tutorial.tex

\input{GAP_tex/group_example/AddIdentityMorphism_main}

The command used above exactly creates the identity morphism of a group.

> Additionally, we need to decide congruence between morphisms.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Additionally, we want to decide the mathematical equality of morphisms, which in CAP is called ``congruence of morphisms''.
```
